all right Becky I'll look here and as
you can see I'm working on another Neo
Geo AES one thing that you'll notice
about this one this one just came in
here and it has a replacement card slot
here you can see the pins here one of
the the prongs here on the side was bent
down so I tried to pry it back up but it
broke off but it still has one pin
touching there so that should be okay I
had to bend a couple of these pins back
but you can see there's no tabs here
that are holding the pins back these are
kind of similar to the MVS but it's
still a little bit different nonetheless
this is not the problem
problem that I'm having it is down here
I found I scraped away a little bit at
it so I could find the problem but as
you can see here there's one trace in
the middle has two dashes in it and that
trace is eaten away and these are really
really thin traces this thing is not
gonna focus in to give you a good idea
of what they look like but they are very
very thin traces and I'm gonna have to
see if I can go over this and maybe use
a little bit of solder and see if I can
run it along the side here hopefully be
able to get some solder on these points
without bridging them but give you an
idea what it's doing here
I got King of Fighters 95 so we'll put
this in it's a little bit of a loose
slot but so I get everything aligned
here but if you watch the front here you
can see how there's some lines through
the NeoGeo part up the top those should
not be there and I think that that's due
to those lines being eaten away or those
traces being eaten away you'll be able
to see it a little bit worse here you
can see the lines going through the SNK
so
here there's parts missing it's playing
the game but it's not playing it perfect
at all and the next screen will be able
to show you you can see the Lions going
up and down looks really bad so what
we're gonna try and do here is see about
adding some solder to that area and see
what we get
need some flux here and see if I can do
this well since I got the camera here
and might as well just give it a shot
I got my solder out or not I have to
double check but got my flux here so
let's give it a shot here and see what
happens see if we can get this picture
any better let's kind of put the camera
down for a second put a little bit of
this flux on here I've disconnected the
power cable but put that down there
and see about running this over see
about put a little bit of solder on the
end here and it's kind of turn this up
this is not really a good tip but see
what we can do
all right as you can see down here I've
tinned it up a little bit
looks like those those parts in the
middle are still capped but see if it
does anything different plug this thing
back in put the power back in this thing
probably will still do the same thing
yeah still not yet you still has some
lines through it up at the top there I
can't tell if that's better or not
nope guess not still glitching out quite
a bit I'll go over it again see see what
I can do here I'll probably get a couple
of connections that are together this is
the fun part of trying to repair these
things
yeah I think that the middle one I'm
gonna have to try and see if I can find
the ends to it because I can still see
the space on the inside there let's try
it again
see if anything happens this time if not
I'll just mmm
have to give it another shot um later on
do it a little bit better
oh look at that how's that fantastic
let's see if it holds up it's looking a
lot better that's all the letters are
there there are things looking all right
no it's uh it's flickering just a little
bit so I'm gonna have to see if I can go
over it one more time but flicking a lot
better just figured I'd do something
kind of a little bit different here you
know make a video of me trying to repair
something thought it might be a little
bit more fun more realistic but guys can
get a chance to see what I do here
usually but it's still got a little bit
of glitchyness going on there I'm gonna
see if I can run that over it again and
see if I can get it to work but you can
see it's got a lot better so this guy I
want to show you guys what I'm working
on here and yeah it's kind of show you
Luke in action that's about all for me
for right now like always I'll put up
another video here soon so thanks for
watching